Lord Baisha
Our legion has been captured
Are you kidding me?
We 50,000 many people
Even a single spit can drown them
How could he have been captured?
bag
Report that the South Gate of the General Army has fallen Report
The North Gate of the General Army also fell
How can this be?
Hundreds of thousands of troops
How could he be defeated by these mortals?
Impossible Absolutely impossible Wang Chongyang
You're gone now.
It's time to send you on your way
Who are you?
I don't kill nobody.
We are black and white
Black and white double play
It is the top ten powerhouses on the global killer list
Rumor has it that the two worked together to achieve a miracle
Even in the face of Tian Doulong Shuai, he definitely doesn't need it
It's over.
The one for me is doomed.
I didn't expect the neighbor's remnant
I have a killer risk underneath
It turned out to be a black and white double evil
As a martial arts practitioner, he actually climbs his fists and has power
And pretend to be a hero for treason
Damn it's coming
How dare you retire and kill him for me?
Hey
How is that possible?
This nervous powerhouse was actually killed by a knife
Is he blaming me?
Wang Chongyang has a long life